♪♪
Flawless.
All eyes on you.
Skin esteem
is a beautiful thing.
♪♪
[Devo's "Uncontrollable Urge"]
[cheers and applause]
- Welcome back
to "Ridiculousness."
Okay.
White people.
- Let's talk about it.
- You know what I mean?
[laughter]
You know, they put each other
against boards,
throw knives at each other.
- Mm-hmm.
- Like, oh, missed me.
Ah, [bleep].
You know what I mean?
Like, hey.
Let's figure out skydiving.
- We can literally rename
this show "White People."
- Okay, look...
- It would fit just fine.
- Why have the white men
created so many strange ways
to hurt themselves?
- You're bored.
- Let's see what it is.
- You're [bleep] bored.
- Okay, look.
- You're like, Life's too easy.
[bleep] it,
let's do some bull[bleep].
- This category right here
is some of the whitest ways
to die.
Take a look.
- Oh, I love this.
[laughter]
[cheers and applause]
- Ah, yeah, grab a horse
and a stick
and put on a wig.
Point it at me, Daryl.
- Oh, God.
all: Oh.
- Yeah.
- I love this category already.
- God, he's hanging.
- Oh, God.
- Did he fall?
No, he didn't.
- Oh, Jesus.
- Ah, jeez Louise.
- Please, please, please.
- Did he fall?
No, he didn't fall.
- Man.
- Oh.
- That was
the best case scenario.
- I hope
he's not the one who runs it.
[laughter]
Did he [bleep] call
for an Uber hot air balloon?
- I mean, like...
- Like it just dropped him off
at his location like,
here's your stop.
- All right, take care, Mark.
[laughter]
All right, it's a little
thing called the fire shot.
- Oh.
Oh.
- One for me.
It's on my lips!
Now it's on you.
Ah!
- Oh.
He just poured it on him?
- Ah, ah!
- He was like, one shot for me
and one for you.
- It didn't work.
- [screaming]
- [screams]
[upbeat music]
- Oh. Ah.
- Oh. Oh.
It was murder by hammer.
- I love that he hit him
and he did
like a weird little body roll
on the way down.
He was like...
- Yeah, 'cause he was like,
I thought this was fake.
- He was like...
- Here we go,
a little thing called "horse."
all: Oh.
- Okay, go back.
What's he jumping over?
A hot dog?
Let's get our horses together
and jump them.
all: Oh.
- Flattened out and as dead
as a doornail.
All right, that is it
for our episode today.
Thank you, Steelo Brim
and Chanel West Coast.
I'm Rob Dyrdek,
we'll see you next time
on "Ridiculousness."
[Devo's "Uncontrollable Urge"]
- ♪ Yeah yeah yeah yeah ♪
♪ Yeah yeah yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah ♪
♪ ♪
- Oh.
- Oh, my God.
♪ ♪
[overlapping chatter]
♪♪♪
♪ UHH UHH ♪
♪ I, I JUST WOKE UP
FROM A DREAM ♪
♪ WHERE YOU AND I HAD
TO SAY GOODBYE ♪
♪ AND I DON'T KNOW
WHAT IT ALL MEANS ♪
♪ BUT SINCE I SURVIVED
I REALIZED ♪
♪ WHEREVER YOU GO
THAT'S WHERE I'LL FOLLOW ♪
♪ NOBODY'S PROMISED TOMORROW ♪
♪ SO IMMA LOVE YOU EVERY NIGHT
LIKE IT'S THE LAST NIGHT ♪
♪ LIKE IT'S THE LAST NIGHT ♪
♪ IF THE WORLD WAS ENDING
I'D WANNA BE NEXT (TO YOU) ♪
♪ IF THE PARTY WAS OVER AND OUR
TIME ON EARTH (WAS THROUGH) ♪
♪ I'D WANNA HOLD YOU
JUST FOR A WHILE ♪
♪ AND DIE WITH A SMILE ♪
♪ IF THE WORLD WAS ENDING
I'D WANNA BE NEXT TO YOU ♪
♪ (WOO OOH) ♪
♪ OOH LOST ♪
♪ LOST IN THE WORDS
THAT WE SCREAM ♪
♪ I DON'T EVEN WANNA
DO THIS ANYMORE ♪
[DUO] ♪ CUZ YOU ALREADY
KNOW WHAT YOU MEAN TO ME ♪
♪ AND OUR LOVE IS THE ONLY
WAR WORTH FIGHTING FOR ♪
♪ WHEREVER YOU GO
THAT'S WHERE I'LL FOLLOW ♪
♪ NOBODY'S PROMISED TOMORROW ♪
♪ SO IMMA LOVE YOU EVERY NIGHT
LIKE IT'S THE LAST NIGHT ♪
♪ LIKE IT'S THE LAST NIGHT ♪
♪ IF THE WORLD WAS ENDING
I'D WANNA BE NEXT TO YOU ♪
♪ IF THE PARTY WAS OVER ♪
♪ AND OUR TIME ON EARTH
WAS THROUGH ♪
♪ I'D WANNA HOLD YOU ♪
♪ JUST FOR A WHILE ♪
♪ AND DIE WITH A SMILE ♪
♪ IF THE WORLD WAS ENDING
I'D WANNA BE NEXT TO YOU ♪
♪ RIGHT NEXT TO YOU ♪
♪ NEXT TO YOU ♪
♪ [BOTH VOCALIZING] ♪
♪♪♪
♪ IF THE WORLD WAS ENDING
I'D WANNA BE NEXT (TO YOU) ♪
♪ IF THE PARTY WAS OVER
AND OUR TIME ON EARTH
(WAS THROUGH) ♪
♪ I'D WANNA HOLD YOU
JUST FOR A WHILE ♪
♪ AND DIE WITH A SMILE ♪
♪ IF THE WORLD WAS ENDING
I'D WANNA BE NEXT TO YOU ♪
♪♪♪
♪ [VOCALIZING] ♪
♪ I'D WANNA BE NEXT TO YOU ♪
(Music starts)
(♪ ♪)
♪ I KNOW YOU WANTED
ME TO STAY ♪
♪ BUT I CAN'T IGNORE THE CRAZY
VISIONS OF ME IN LA ♪
♪ AND I HEARD THAT THERE'S A
SPECIAL PLACE ♪
♪ WHERE BOYS AND GIRLS
CAN ALL BE QUEENS ♪
♪ EVERY SINGLE DAY  ♪
♪ I'M HAVING WICKED DREAMS ♪
♪ OF LEAVING TENNESSEE  ♪
♪ OH, SANTA MONICA  ♪
♪ I SWEAR IT'S CALLING ME  ♪
♪ WON'T MAKE MY MAMA PROUD ♪
♪ IT'S GONNA CAUSE A SCENE ♪
♪ SHE SEES HER BABY GIRL  ♪
♪ I KNOW SHE'S GONNA SCREAM ♪
♪ GOD, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE  ♪
♪ YOU'RE A PINK PONY GIRL  ♪
♪ AND YOU DANCE AT THE CLUB ♪
♪ OH MAMA, I'M JUST
HAVING FUN  ♪
♪ ON THE STAGE IN MY HEELS ♪
♪ IT'S WHERE I BELONG
DOWN AT THE  ♪
♪ PINK PONY CLUB  ♪
♪ I'M GONNA KEEP ON DANCING  ♪
♪ AT THE PINK PONY CLUB  ♪
♪ I'M GONNA KEEP ON
DANCING DOWN IN  ♪
♪ WEST HOLLYWOOD  ♪
♪ I'M GONNA KEEP ON
DANCING AT THE  ♪
♪ PINK PONY CLUB,
PINK PONY CLUB  ♪
♪ I'M UP AND JAWS ARE
ON THE FLOOR  ♪
♪ LOVERS IN THE BATHROOM ♪
♪ AND A LINE OUTSIDE THE DOOR ♪
♪ BLACKLIGHTS AND A
MIRRORED DISCO BALL ♪
♪ EVERY NIGHT'S ANOTHER REASON
WHY I LEFT IT ALL ♪
♪ I THANK MY WICKED DREAMS  ♪
♪ A YEAR FROM TENNESSEE ♪
♪ OH, SANTA MONICA ♪
♪ YOU'VE BEEN TOO GOOD TO ME  ♪
♪ WON'T MAKE MY MAMA PROUD  ♪
♪ IT'S GONNA CAUSE A SCENE  ♪
♪ SHE SEES HER BABY GIRL  ♪
♪ I KNOW SHE'S GONNA SCREAM  ♪
♪ GOD, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE  ♪
♪ YOU'RE A PINK PONY GIRL  ♪
♪ AND YOU DANCE AT THE CLUB ♪
♪ OH MAMA, I'M JUST
HAVING FUN  ♪
♪ ON THE STAGE IN MY HEELS ♪
♪ IT'S WHERE I BELONG
DOWN AT THE  ♪
♪ PINK PONY CLUB  ♪
♪ I'M GONNA KEEP ON DANCING ♪
♪ AT THE PINK PONY CLUB  ♪
♪ I'M GONNA KEEP ON
DANCING DOWN IN  ♪
♪ WEST HOLLYWOOD  ♪
♪ I'M GONNA KEEP ON
DANCING AT THE  ♪
♪ PINK PONY CLUB,
PINK PONY CLUB  ♪
(♪ ♪)
♪ DON'T THINK I'VE LEFT
YOU ALL BEHIND  ♪
♪ STILL LOVE YOU
AND TENNESSEE ♪
♪ YOU'RE ALWAYS ON MY MIND  ♪
♪ AND MAMA, EVERY SATURDAY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOUR
SOUTHERN DRAW ♪
♪ A THOUSAND MILES AWAY,
SAYING ♪
♪ GOD, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE  ♪
♪ YOU'RE A PINK PONY GIRL  ♪
♪ AND YOU DANCE AT THE CLUB ♪
♪ OH MAMA,
I'M JUST HAVING FUN ♪
♪ ON THE STAGE IN MY HEELS ♪
♪ IT'S WHERE I BELONG
DOWN AT THE  ♪
♪ PINK PONY CLUB  ♪
♪ I'M GONNA KEEP ON
DANCING AT THE  ♪
♪ PINK PONY CLUB  ♪
♪ I'M GONNA KEEP ON
DANCING DOWN IN  ♪
♪ WEST HOLLYWOOD  ♪
♪ I'M GONNA KEEP ON
DANCING AT THE  ♪
♪ PINK PONY CLUB,
PINK PONY CLUB  ♪
(♪ ♪)
♪ I'M GONNA KEEP ON DANCING ♪
♪ I'M GONNA KEEP
ON DANCING ♪
(Music Ends)
WHEN IT'S TIME TO START
YOUR BUSINESS, IT'S TIME
FOR SHOPIFY. DESIGN WITH
EASY TO CUSTOMIZE THEMES.
SELL EVERYWHERE PEOPLE
SHOP. AND NEVER MISS A
SALE WITH THE WORLD'S BEST
CONVERTING CHECKOUT. SEE
WHY MILLIONS OF BUSINESSES
SELL WITH SHOPIFY. START
YOUR FREE TRIAL TODAY.
Depend Guards can't help you
clear that pond on 18...
but they'll make sure that's
the only water hazard
you have to worry about.
♪♪
Keep it dry, guys.
There are many ways to dress
your McDonald's
hot, crispy fries.
But which is best...?
Is it with ketchup?
Sweet 'N Sour?
Dare I say au naturale...?
♪
MIXER FOR ONLY $56.
DEALDASH.COM, ONLINE AUCTIONS
SINCE 2009. THIS PLAYSTATION 5
SOLD FOR ONLY 50 CENTS. THIS
IPAD PRO SOLD FOR LESS THAN
$34. GO TO DEALDASH.COM AND
SEE HOW MUCH YOU CAN SAVE.
♪ GOD KNOWS ♪
♪ I AM ♪
♪ REINCARNATED ♪
♪ I WAS STAR GAZING ♪
♪ LIFE GOES ON,
I NEED ALL MY BABIES ♪
♪ WOKE UP LOOKING
FOR THE BROCCOLI ♪
♪ HIGH KEY, KEEP A HORN
ON ME THAT KAMASI ♪
♪ I PEEP, ON THIS SHIT ♪
♪ THE BLUEPRINT IS BY ME ♪
♪ MR. GET OFF,
I GET OFF AT MY FEET ♪
♪ (WHEN I HEAR MUSIC,
IT MAKES ME DANCE) ♪
♪ (YOU'VE GOT THE MUSIC,
NOW IS YOUR CHANCE) ♪
♪ YOU -- COULDN'T TRY ME
IN A TRI-STATE ♪
♪ BUDDY PASS BUT I GIVE HIM
SPLASH TIL HE'S HYDRATED ♪
♪ BOUNCE OUT,
KNOW IT'S SPOOK TOWN ♪
♪ EYES DILATED ♪
♪ I GOT THE MONEY
AND THE POWER BOTH GYRATING ♪
♪ I FEEL GOOD
GET THE -- OUT MY FACE ♪
♪ LOOK GOOD BUT SHE DON'T GOT
NO TASTE ♪
♪ I WALKED IN,
WALKED OUT WITH THE SAFE ♪
♪ MAN DOWN,
LET ME KNOW WHAT TO PAY ♪
♪ WHAT THE --? I GOT HITS ♪
♪ I GOT BUCKS
I GOT NEW PAPERCUTS ♪
♪ I GOT FRIENDS I GOT FOES ♪
♪ BUT THEY ALL SITTING DUCKS ♪
♪ YEAH THIS TURF
CAN GET CRACKIN' ♪
♪ DOUBLE BACK LIKE A DELUXE ♪
♪ FIFTY DEEP BUT IT
AIN'T DEEP ENOUGH ♪
♪ -- A PLEA, THEY HERE GO,
BEAT HIM UP ♪
♪ FALLING FROM A MONEY TREE
AND IT GROW
THROUGHOUT THE MONTH ♪
♪ SPIT A LOOGIE AT THE CAMERA,
SPEEDED OFF, YEAH IT'S US ♪
♪ I FEEL GOOD
GET THE -- OUT MY FACE ♪
♪ LOOK GOOD BUT SHE DON'T
GOT NO TASTE ♪
♪ I WALKED IN,
WALKED OUT WITH THE SAFE ♪
♪ MAN DOWN,
LET ME KNOW WHAT TO PAY ♪
♪ SQUABBLE UP ♪
♪ HOL' UP (HOL' UP) ♪
♪ WHERE YOU FROM?
(WHERE YOU FROM?) ♪
♪ BYE -- (BYE --) ♪
♪ I'M FINNA GO DUMB
(I'M FINNA GO DUMB) ♪
♪ SIDEWAYS (SIDEWAYS) ♪
♪ BUNK SKUNK (BUNK SKUNK) ♪
♪ FEVER (FEVER) ♪
♪ I'M ON ONE (I'M ON ONE) ♪
♪ THUN THUN THUN THUN THUN ♪
♪ BABY ROCKIN' IT ♪
♪ QUID PRO QUO ♪
♪ WHICH YOU WON'T,
CUS I'M WATCHING IT ♪
♪ BROKE ON THE FLOOR ♪
♪ LET ME KNOW
IF YOU'RE CROCKIN' IT ♪
♪ BRODY WON'T GO ♪
♪ BUT I KNOW
THAT HE POPPIN' IT ♪
♪ IT WAS WOOF TICKETS ON SALE ♪
♪ TIL I SILENCED IT ♪
♪ PIPE DOWN YOUNG, THESE SOME
WHOLE OTHER POLITICS ♪
♪ -- WITH HIM AND SOME --
IN HIM THAT'S A LOT OF -- ♪
♪ DON'T HIT EM HE GOT KIDS
WITH HIM, MY APOLOGIES ♪
♪ GHETTO CHILD ♪
♪ IT WAS BLACK N' MILDS
WITH THE SMIRNOFF ♪
♪ YEEHAW, WE OUTSIDE ♪
♪ WHOADIE BOUT TO KILL ‘EM OFF ♪
♪ BLAPS ON BLAPS ♪
♪ IT'S A FACT
IT'S A BRICK OF RAW ♪
♪ TELL ME WHY THE --
YOU -- RAP ♪
♪ IF IT'S FICTIONAL ♪
♪ TELL ME WHY THE --
YOU -- FED ♪
♪ IF YOU CRIMINAL ♪
♪ AYE DOT, CAN I GET A DROP? ♪
♪ I'M LIKE -- NO ♪
♪ FROM THE WEST SIDE
TO SYNAGOGUE ♪
♪ IT'S A FULL MOON,
LET THE WOLVES OUT ♪
♪ I BEEN A DOG ♪
♪ I FEEL GOOD
GET THE -- OUT MY FACE ♪
♪ LOOK GOOD BUT SHE DON'T
GOT NO TASTE ♪
♪ I WALKED IN,
WALKED OUT WITH THE SAFE ♪
♪ MAN DOWN,
LET ME KNOW WHAT TO PAY ♪
♪ SQUABBLE UP ♪
♪ OOH, YEAH ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL IT ♪
♪ GIRL PICK UP YOUR PHONE,
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL MY SPIRIT
SLOWLY LEAVING ♪
♪ I CAN'T SEE MYSELF
AND I'M NOT BREATHING (AH) ♪
♪ I'M NOT BREATHING
(I'M NOT BREATHING) ♪
♪ SLOWLY BLEEDING (BLEEDING) ♪
♪ I WISH THAT I TOLD YOU ALL
MY FEELINGS (FEELINGS) ♪
♪ I HOPE THAT I LIVE LIFE
FOR A REASON (REASON) ♪
♪ BUT AT LEAST YOU'LL
PLAY THIS SONG ♪
♪ WHEN I'M GONE ♪
♪ AND I HOPE YOU CRY FOR ME ♪
♪ LIKE I CRY FOR YOU ♪
♪ EVERY NIGHT FOR YOU ♪
♪ TAKE IT EASY ON ME BABY ♪
♪ CAUSE I TRIED WITH YOU ♪
♪ SAW MY LIFE WITH YOU ♪
♪ END OF TIME WITH YOU ♪
♪ NOW WE'RE STRANGERS AND ♪
♪ I HOPE THAT
YOU WILL CRY FOR ME ♪
♪ LIKE I CRY FOR YOU ♪
♪ EVERY NIGHT FOR YOU ♪
♪ I'VE BEEN LIVING WITH A LIE ♪
♪ NOW I CAN'T HIDE THE TRUTH ♪
♪ I CAN'T HIDE THE TRUTH ♪
♪ GIRL I'LL CRY FOR YOU ♪
♪ GIRL I'LL CRY
FOR YOU, OH YEAH ♪
♪ I CAN'T SEE CLEAR ♪
♪ I WASH MY FEARS
WITH WHISKEY TEARS ♪
♪ I DISAPPEAR, DON'T INTERFERE ♪
♪ THE END IS NEAR ♪
♪ THE CROWD WILL SCREAM ♪
♪ I BLOCK MY EARS
TO STOP THE CHEERS ♪
♪ CAUSE THE STAGE TOOK A TOLL ♪
♪ BEEN FADED ON THE FLOOR ♪
♪ IN THIS PENTHOUSE
PRISON I'M ALONE ♪
♪ AND I HOPE YOU'LL CRY FOR ME ♪
♪ LIKE I CRY FOR YOU ♪
♪ EVERY NIGHT FOR YOU ♪
♪ TAKE IT EASY ON ME BABY ♪
♪ CAUSE I TRIED WITH YOU ♪
♪ SAW MY LIFE WITH YOU ♪
♪ END OF TIME WITH YOU ♪
♪ NOW WE'RE STRANGERS AND ♪
♪ I HOPE THAT
YOU WILL CRY FOR ME ♪
♪ LIKE I CRY FOR YOU ♪
♪ EVERY NIGHT FOR YOU ♪
♪ I'VE BEEN LIVING
WITH THIS LIE NOW ♪
♪ NOW I CAN'T HIDE THE TRUTH ♪
♪ I CAN'T HIDE THE TRUTH
(HIDE THE TRUTH) ♪
♪ GIRL, I'LL CRY FOR YOU ♪
♪ GIRL, I'LL CRY
FOR YOU, OOH, YEAH ♪
♪ EVERY TIME I HIT THE ROAD ♪
♪ IT TAKES
A LITTLE PIECE OF ME ♪
♪ KILLS ME SLOWLY (SLOWLY) ♪
♪ WHEN I NEEDED YOU THE MOST ♪
♪ YOU ALWAYS GAVE ME SYMPATHY ♪
♪ NOW YOU'RE OVER ME (OVER ME) ♪
♪ NOW YOU'RE BETTER
ON YOUR OWN ♪
♪ IT AIN'T A -- MYSTERY,
YOU'VE BEEN SHOWIN' ME ♪
♪ NOW I'VE BEEN BURNING
UP MY HOME, BABY ♪
♪ I'VE BEEN BURNIN UP MY HOME ♪
♪ AND I HOPE YOU CRY FOR ME ♪
♪ LIKE I CRY FOR YOU ♪
♪ EVERY NIGHT FOR YOU ♪
♪ TAKE IT EASY ON ME BABY ♪
♪ CAUSE I TRIED WITH YOU ♪
♪ SAW MY LIFE WITH YOU ♪
♪ END OF TIME WITH YOU ♪
♪ NOW WE'RE STRANGERS AND ♪
♪ I HOPE THAT
YOU STILL CRY FOR ME ♪
♪ LIKE I CRY FOR YOU ♪
♪ EVERY NIGHT FOR YOU ♪
♪ I'VE BEEN LIVING
WITH THIS LIE ♪
♪ NOW I CAN'T HIDE THE TRUTH ♪
♪ I CAN'T HIDE THE TRUTH ♪
♪ GIRL, I'LL CRY FOR YOU ♪
♪ GIRL, I'LL CRY
FOR YOU, OOH, YEAH ♪
♪♪♪
[MUSIC ENDS TO AN EMPTY SPACE]
♪ ♪
If you went on a road trip
and you didn't stop
for McDonald's,
that wasn't a road trip.
It was just a really
long drive.
♪ ♪
Diaper rash sucks...
we got you, baby!
Huggies® Skin Essentials™
is the only diaper
with SkinProtect™ Liner,
that helps lock moisture
and runny
mess
away from
baby's skin.
So you're free
to baby on.
♪♪
(♪♪)
♪♪♪
♪ OH OH ♪
♪ MMMM ♪
♪ I KNOW I HAVE GOOD JUDGMENT ♪
♪ I KNOW I HAVE GOOD TASTE ♪
♪ IT'S FUNNY AND IT'S IRONIC ♪
♪ THAT ONLY I FEEL THAT WAY ♪
♪ I PROMISE ‘EM
THAT YOU'RE DIFFERENT ♪
♪ AND EVERYONE MAKES MISTAKES ♪
♪ BUT JUST DON'T ♪
♪ I HEARD THAT YOU'RE AN ACTOR ♪
♪ SO ACT LIKE A STAND UP GUY ♪
♪ WHATEVER DEVILS INSIDE YOU ♪
♪ DON'T LET HIM OUT TONIGHT ♪
♪ I TELL THEM
IT'S JUST YOUR CULTURE ♪
♪ AND EVERYONE ROLLS
THEIR EYES ♪
♪ YEAH I KNOW ♪
♪ ALL I'M ASKING BABY ♪
♪ PLEASE ♪
♪ DON'T PROVE I'M RIGHT ♪
♪ AND PLEASE ♪
♪ PLEASE ♪
♪ DON'T BRING ME TO TEARS ♪
♪ WHEN I JUST DID MY MAKEUP
SO NICE ♪
♪ HEARTBREAK IS ONE THING ♪
♪ MY EGO'S ANOTHER ♪
♪ I BEG YOU DON'T EMBARRASS ME ♪
♪ LIKE THE OTHERS ♪
♪ AHHH ♪
♪ PLEASE ♪
♪ WELL I HAVE A FUN IDEA BABE ♪
♪ MAYBE JUST STAY INSIDE ♪
♪ I KNOW YOU'RE CRAVING
SOME FRESH AIR ♪
♪ BUT THE CEILING FAN
IS SO NICE (SO NICE) ♪
♪ AND WE COULD LIVE SO HAPPILY ♪
♪ IF NO ONE KNOWS
THAT YOU'RE WITH ME ♪
♪ I'M JUST KIDDING ♪
♪ BUT REALLY, KINDA ♪
♪ REALLY ♪
♪ PLEASE ♪
♪ DON'T PROVE I'M RIGHT ♪
♪ (DON'T PROVE I'M RIGHT) ♪
♪ AND PLEASE ♪
♪ PLEASE ♪
♪ DON'T BRING ME TO TEARS ♪
♪ WHEN I JUST DID MY MAKEUP
SO NICE ♪
♪ HEARTBREAK IS ONE THING ♪
♪ MY EGO'S ANOTHER ♪
♪ I BEG YOU DON'T EMBARRASS ME ♪
♪ LIKE THE OTHERS ♪
♪ AHHH ♪
♪ PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE ♪
[SIRENS BLARING]
♪ IF YOU WANNA GO
AND BE STUPID ♪
♪ DON'T DO IT IN FRONT OF ME ♪
♪ IF YOU DON'T WANNA CRY
TO MY MUSIC ♪
♪ DON'T MAKE ME
HATE YOU PROLIFICALLY ♪
♪ PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE ♪
♪ PLEASE (PLEASE) ♪
♪ AHHHH ♪
♪ (DON'T DO IT) ♪
[SIRENS BLARING]
[MUFFLED SCREAMING]
- OH YOU
[LAUGHING]
♪ You killed the music
♪ Left me in ruins
♪ Wrapped up in quiet
♪ Poisoned with silence
♪ You killed the music
♪ Made me feel foolish
♪ Put out my fire
♪ Major to minor
♪ I closed the door
♪ And changed all the chords
♪ Till my feet start to move
♪ Now all these brand new
♪ Melodies keep falling
off the tip of my tongue ♪
♪ Ah ha
♪ Ah ha, Ah ha
♪ I'm hearing symphonies
♪ You really made me
think I was done ♪
♪ But baby you can't stop
me now ♪
♪ Melodies keep falling
off the tip of my tongue ♪
♪ Ah ha
♪ Ah ha, Ah ha
♪ I'm hearing symphonies
♪ You really made me
think I was done ♪
♪ But baby you can't stop
me now ♪
♪♪♪
♪ You killed the music
♪ Pulled my way through it
♪ Now I'm playing
all the songs that ♪
♪ I know you wouldn't like
♪ The day that you
left oh I came alive ♪
♪ I closed the door
♪ Yeah I cut the cord
♪ Ahh Ooo
♪ Now all these brand new
♪ Melodies keep falling
off the tip of my tongue ♪
♪ Ah ha
♪ Ah ha, Ah ha
♪ I'm hearing symphonies
♪ You really made me
think I was done ♪
♪ But baby you can't stop
me now ♪
♪ Melodies keep falling
off the tip of my tongue ♪
♪ Ah ha
♪ Ah ha, Ah ha
♪ I'm hearing symphonies
♪ You really made me
think I was done ♪
♪ But baby you can't stop
me now ♪
♪ Ah ha
♪ Oooo
♪♪♪
- I WROTE THIS SONG
WITH MY BEST FRIEND
AUDREY, EVERYBODY SAY,
"HI AUDREY"
(HI AUDREY)
- ONE MORE TIME
- THIS IS A NEW SONG
[AUDIENCE CHEERS]
- WE FELT LIKE PLAYIN' IT
TONIGHT SO WE'RE GONNA DO THAT
[AUDIENCE CHEERS]
♪♪♪
♪ I CAN GO AND READ YOUR MIND ♪
♪ THINK ABOUT YOUR DUMB
FACE ALL THE TIME ♪
♪ LIVING IN YOUR GLASS
HOUSE, I'M OUTSIDE, MMM ♪
♪ LOOKING INTO BIG BLUE EYES ♪
♪ DID IT JUST TO HURT ME,
MAKE ME CRY ♪
♪ SMILING THROUGH IT ALL,
YEAH THAT'S MY LIFE ♪
♪ YOU'RE AN IDIOT ♪
♪ NOW I'M SURE ♪
♪ NOW I'M POSITIVE ♪
♪ I SHOULD GO AND WARN HER ♪
♪ OOOOO ♪
♪ BET YOU'RE THINKING
SHE'S SO COOL OOOO ♪
♪ KICKIN' BACK ON YOUR COUCH
MAKING EYES FROM
ACROSS THE ROOM OOOOO ♪
♪ WAIT I THINK I'VE BEEN
THERE TOO OOOOO ♪
♪ WHAT'D SHE DO TO GET YOU OFF ♪
♪ TAKING DOWN HER HAIR
LIKE ‘OH MY GOD' ♪
♪ -- -- --, I DID THAT ONCE,
OR TWICE ♪
♪ UH NO, I KNOW,
I KNOW -- OFF ♪
♪ BUT I THINK I LIKE HER,
SHES SO FUN ♪
♪ WAIT I THINK I HATE HER,
I'M NOT THAT EVOLVED ♪
♪ I'M SORRY SHE'S MISSING IT ♪
♪ SAD SAD BOY ♪
♪ NOT MY BUSINESS
BUT I HAD TO WARN YA ♪
♪ OOOOO ♪
♪ BET YOU'RE THINKING
SHE'S SO COOL OOOOO ♪
♪ KICKIN' BACK ON YOUR COUCH
MAKING EYES FROM
ACROSS THE ROOM OOOOO ♪
♪ WAIT I THINK I'VE BEEN
THERE TOO OOOOO ♪
♪ OOOOO ♪
♪ YOU OOOOO GOT ME THINKING
SHE'S SO COOL OOOO ♪
♪ BUT I KNOW WHAT I KNOW
AND YOU'RE JUST ANOTHER DUDE ♪
♪ OOOO THAT'S SO TRUE OOOO ♪
♪ MADE IT OUT ALIVE BUT
I THINK I LOST IT ♪
♪ SAID THAT I WAS FINE,
SAID IT FROM THE COFFIN ♪
♪ REMEMBER HOW I DIED
WHEN YOU STARTED WALKIN' ♪
♪ THAT'S MY LIFE,
THAT'S MY LIFE ♪
♪ I PUT UP A FIGHT,
TAKING OUT MY EARRINGS ♪
♪ DON'T YOU KNOW THE VIBE? ♪
♪ DON'T YOU KNOW THE FEELING? ♪
♪ YOU SHOULD SPEND THE NIGHT,
CATCH ME ON YOUR CEILING ♪
♪ THAT'S YOUR PRIZE,
THAT'S YOUR PRIZE ♪
♪ WELL OOOOO ♪
♪ BET YOU'RE THINKING
SHE'S SO COOL OOOOO ♪
♪ KICKIN' BACK ON YOUR COUCH
MAKING EYES FROM
ACROSS THE ROOM OOOO ♪
♪ WAIT I THINK I'VE BEEN
THERE TOO OOOO ♪
♪ OOOOO ♪
♪ OH YOU OOOO GOT ME THINKING
SHE'S SO COOL OOOO ♪
♪ BUT I KNOW WHAT I KNOW
AND YOU'RE JUST ANOTHER DUDE ♪
♪ OOO THAT'S SO TRUE ♪
♪ OOO OOO OH OH ♪
♪ SHE'S SO COOL ♪
♪ KICKIN' BACK ON YOUR COUCH
MAKING EYES FROM
ACROSS THE ROOM OOOO ♪
♪ OOO THAT'S SO TRUE OOOOO, OH ♪
[AUDIENCE CHEERS]
[OFFICE SOUNDS]
[NOTIFICATION]
[LOUD RUMBLE]
Before you reply to the message,
I need to ask you a few security
questions.
What are your true feelings for
him?
♪ It hits me like an
earthquake, ahhhh ♪
♪ [SINGING KOREAN] my
heart race, ahhhh ♪
♪ [SINGING KOREAN] can't
stand, ahhhh ♪
♪ [SINGING KOREAN], ahhhh,
I think I'm gonna ♪
♪ [SINGING KOREAN]
off the charts ♪
♪ Like a race car,
vroom vroom vroom ♪
♪ [SINGING KOREAN]  ♪
♪ Vroom vroom vroom ♪
♪ [SINGING KOREAN] ♪
♪ There's a shock coming after,
[SINGING KOREAN] 'bout to blow ♪
♪ 'Bout to blow, 'bout to blow,
'bout to blow ♪
♪ It hits me like an
earthquake, ahhhh ♪
♪ [SINGING KOREAN] my
heart race, ahhhh ♪
♪ [SINGING KOREAN] can't
stand, ahhhh ♪
♪ [SINGING KOREAN], ahhhh ♪
♪ I think I'm gonna,
da da da da da da ♪
♪ Da da da da dada da dada da ♪
♪ I think I'm gonna,
da da da da da da ♪
♪ Da da da da dada da dada da ♪
♪ I think I'm gonna ♪
♪ Wake up, electric touch ♪
♪ [SINGING KOREAN], ah, ah, ah ♪
♪ You give me that good,
good from every angle ♪
♪ [SINGING KOREAN] ♪
♪ There's a shock coming afterm
[SINGING KOREAN] 'bout to blow ♪
♪ 'Bout to blow, 'bout to blow,
'bout to blow ♪
♪ It hits me like an
earthquake, ahhhh ♪
♪ [SINGING KOREAN] my
heart race, ahhhh ♪
♪ [SINGING KOREAN] can't
stand, ahhhh ♪
♪ [SINGING KOREAN], ahhh ♪
♪ I think I'm gonna,
da da da da da da ♪
♪ Da da da da dada da dada da ♪
♪ I think I'm gonna,
da da da da da da ♪
♪ Da da da da dada da dada da ♪
♪ Cause I [SINGING KOREAN] ♪
♪ And I love it,
[SINGING KOREAN] ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm feeling you,
one touch baby I fold ♪
♪ Without warning, [SINGING
KOREAN] all of the time ♪
♪ It hits me like an
earthquake, ahhhh ♪
♪ [SINGING KOREAN] my
heart race, ahhhh ♪
♪ [SINGING KOREAN] can't
stand, ahhhh ♪
♪ [SINGING KOREAN], ahhh ♪
♪ I think I'm gonna,
da da da da da da ♪
♪ Da da da da dada da dada da ♪
♪ I think I'm gonna,
da da da da da da ♪
♪ Da da da da dada da dada da ♪
♪ I think I'm gonna ♪
THAT IS THEIR QUESTION.
AND NOBODY KNOWS SHOPPERS
BETTER THAN SHOPIFY. THE
UNDISPUTED, UNDEFEATED,
CHECKOUT CHAMPION OF THE
WORLD. BUSINESSES THAT
WANT TO WIN, WIN WITH
SHOPIFY.
(Exhaling)
UGH! IT STINKS.
MY EYES!!
(Gagging)
(Sniffing)
Basic Litter Stinks.
Step up your litter game
with Fresh Step's
Superior Odor Control.
Step it Up to Fresh Step.
[MICROPHONE FEEDBACK]
THE CATEGORY IS:
DANCE OR DIE
[OMINOUS VOCALS]
[CROWD]  HA !
♪ ABRA-CA-DABRA ♪
♪ ABRACADABRA ♪
HA!
♪ ABRA-CA-DABRA ♪
♪ ABRACADABRA ♪
HA!
♪ ABRA-CA-DABRA ♪
♪ ABRACADABRA ♪
HA!
♪♪♪
♪ PAY THE TOLL TO THE ANGELS ♪
♪ DRAWING CIRCLES
IN THE CLOUDS ♪
♪ KEEP YOUR MIND
ON THE DISTANCE ♪
♪ WHEN THE DEVIL TURNS AROUND ♪
♪ HOLD ME
IN YOUR HEART TONIGHT ♪
♪ IN THE MAGIC
OF THE DARK MOONLIGHT ♪
♪ SAVE ME
FROM THIS EMPTY FIGHT ♪
♪ IN THE GAME OF LIFE ♪
♪ LIKE A POEM SAID BY A LADY
IN RED ♪
♪ YOU HEAR THE LAST FEW WORDS
OF YOUR LIFE ♪
♪ WITH A HAUNTING DANCE━
NOW YOU'RE BOTH IN A TRANCE ♪
♪ IT'S TIME TO CAST YOUR SPELL
ON THE NIGHT ♪
♪ “ABRACADABRA ♪
♪ AMOR OO NA NA ♪
♪ ABRAC CA DA BRA ♪
♪ MORTA OO GAGA ♪
♪ ABRACADABRA ♪
♪ ABRA OO NA NA” ♪
♪ IN HER TONGUE SHE SAID ♪
♪ DEATH OR LOVE TONIGHT ♪
♪ ABRA-CA-DABRA ♪
♪ ABRACADABRA ♪
♪ FEEL THE BEAT
UNDER YOUR FEET ♪
♪ THE FLOOR'S ON FIRE ♪
♪ ABRA-CA-DABRA ♪
♪ ABRACADABRA ♪
♪ CHOOSE THE ROAD ♪
♪ ON THE WEST SIDE ♪
♪ AS THE DUST FLIES ♪
♪ WATCH IT BURN ♪
♪ DON'T WASTE TIME
ON A FEELING ♪
♪ USE YOUR PASSION ♪
♪ NO RETURN ♪
♪ HOLD ME
IN YOUR HEART TONIGHT ♪
♪ IN THE MAGIC
OF THE DARK MOONLIGHT ♪
♪ SAVE ME FROM
THIS EMPTY FIGHT ♪
♪ IN THE GAME OF LIFE ♪
♪ LIKE A POEM SAID BY A LADY
IN RED ♪
♪ YOU HEAR THE LAST FEW WORDS
OF YOUR LIFE ♪
♪ WITH A HAUNTING DANCE━
NOW YOU'RE BOTH IN A TRANCE ♪
♪ IT'S TIME TO CAST YOUR SPELL
ON THE NIGHT ♪
♪ “ABRACADABRA ♪
♪ AMOR OO NA NA ♪
♪ ABRAC CA DA BRA ♪
♪ MORTA OO GAGA ♪
♪ ABRACADABRA ♪
♪ ABRA OO NA NA” ♪
♪ IN HER TONGUE SHE SAID ♪
♪ DEATH OR LOVE TONIGHT ♪
♪ ABRA-CA-DABRA ♪
♪ ABRACADABRA ♪
♪ FEEL THE BEAT
UNDER YOUR FEET ♪
♪ THE FLOOR'S ON FIRE ♪
♪ ABRA-CA-DABRA ♪
♪ ABRACADABRA ♪
♪ PHANTOM OF THE DANCE FLOOR ♪
♪ COME TO ME ♪
♪ SING FOR ME A SINFUL MELODY ♪
♪ AH AH AH AH AH ♪
♪ AH AH AH AHH ♪
♪ AHH AH AH AHHHHHH ♪
[CROWD CHANTING] “ABRACADABRA
AMOR OO NA NA
ABRAC CA DA BRA
MORTA OO GAGA
- [LADY GAGA SCREAMS]
- ABRACADABRA
ABRA OO NA NA”
IN HER TONGUE SHE SAID
DEATH OR LOVE TONIGHT
♪ “ABRACADABRA ♪
♪ AMOR OO NA NA ♪
♪ ABRAC CA DA BRA ♪
♪ MORTA OO GAGA ♪
♪ ABRACADABRA ♪
♪ ABRA OO NA NA” ♪
♪ IN HER TONGUE SHE SAID ♪
♪ DEATH OR LOVE TONIGHT ♪
[ THUNDERSTORM ]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
HEY, I THOUGHT IT WAS ALL OVER
♪♪♪
[CROWD CHEERING]
WHAT'S UP DOECHII!
HEY GIRL!
YOU KNOW IT'S BEEN A LIL MINUTE
SINCE YOU AND I HAVE HAD A CHAT
HAS IT REALLY?
PROBABLY SINCE LIKE,
YOUR LAST EP,
OH THE PLACES YOU'LL GO
OH WOW, IT'S BEEN A MINUTE, YEAH
I'VE BEEN GETTING SOME CALLS...
OH?
- PEOPLE ARE A LITTLE BIT
WORRIED ABOUT YOU...
NOT WORRIED!
AND I KNOW THAT I WAS KINDA
THAT OUTLET FOR YOU, SO -
YOU WERE
WHY DON'T YOU JUST
TELL ME WHAT'S BEEN GOING ON?
OKAY
♪ REMEMBER OLD DUDE FROM 2019 ♪
♪ NICE CLEAN --,
DID ME DIRTIER THAN LAUNDRY ♪
♪ TOOK A SCROLL THROUGH HIS IG,
JUST TO GET A DM
FROM HIS WIFEY ♪
♪ I WAS SO CONFUSED,
WHAT SHOULD DOECHII DO? ♪
♪ SHE DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT ME
AND I DIDN'T KNOW ‘BOUT SUE ♪
♪ I OPEN UP THE MESSAGES THEN
HAD TO HIT THE ZOOM ♪
♪ TURNS OUT THE GIRL
WAS REALLY A DUDE? ♪
♪ -- THINK HE SLICKED BACK
TIL I SLIPPED BACK ♪
♪ GOT MY LICK BACK, TURNED A
-- TO A KNICK-KNACK ♪
♪ I MOVED ON,
DROPPED A COUPLE OF SONGS ♪
♪ AND THEN I WENT AND GOT
SIGNED, NOW IT'S 2021 ♪
OKAY, I JUST FEEL LIKE THIS IS
THE PERFECT OPPORTUNITY
FOR US TO JUST TAKE A SECOND
AND KIND OF UNPACK
WHAT'S HAPPENED TO YOU,
YOU KNOW, THIS GUY CHEATED
ON YOU AND -
MM, NAH, -- IT
♪ PLATINUM RECORD THIS,
VIRAL RECORD THAT ♪
♪ I'M MAKIN' SO MUCH MONEY
I'M ALL OVER THE NET ♪
♪ I'M MOVING SO FAST,
NO TIME TO PROCESS ♪
♪ AND NO I'M NOT IN A GANG
BUT I'M ALWAYS ON SET ♪
♪ WRIST WATCH, DRIP DROP,
LABELS WANT THE TIKTOKS ♪
♪ NOW I'M MAKIN' TIKTOK MUSIC,
WHAT THEE -- ♪
♪ I NEED A CLEANSE,
NEED A DETOX,
BUT WE AIN'T GOT TIME TO STOP ♪
♪ THE CHARTS NEED US
(AND THEY DO) ♪
♪ FAST FORWARD, ME 2023 ♪
♪ I'M STACKIN' LOTS OF CHEESE
AND MAKIN' MONEY ♪
♪ MY GRASS IS REALLY GREEN AND,
HONESTLY I CAN'T EVEN --
CAP NO MORE ♪
THIS IS A REALLY
DARK TIME FOR ME
I'M GOING THROUGH A LOT
BY A LOT YOU MEAN -- ?
UHMMM, I WOULDN'T -
-- ?
NO, IT'S A -
NO?
IT'S A NATURAL PLANT
NO I'M NOT JUDGING
I'M NOT AN ADDICT
- I'M JUST SAYING
[CROWD LAUGHING]
I DON'T THINK -
- YOU WANNA TALK ABOUT IT?
- UH...
♪ I MEAN --, I LIKE --,
I LIKE -- ♪
♪ I LIKE GETTING MONEY,
I LIKE STRIPPERS,
I LIKE TO -- ♪
♪ I LIKE DAY DRINKIN' AND DAY
PARTIES AND HOLLYWOOD ♪
♪ I LIKE DOIN' HOLLYWOOD --,
SNORT IT, PROBABLY WOULD ♪
♪ WHAT CAN I SAY?
THE -- WORKS,
IT FEELS GOOD ♪
♪ AND MY SELF-WORTH'S
AT AN ALL TIME LOW ♪
♪ AND JUST WHEN IT COULDN'T GET
WORSE, MY EX CRASHED MY PLACE ♪
♪ AND DESTROYED ALL I OWNED ♪
♪ WOOPSIE! MADE A OOPSIE! ♪
♪ 100,000 DOLLAR “OOPS”
MADE ME LOOPY ♪
♪ I AIN'T A KILLER
BUT DON'T PUSH ME ♪
♪ DON'T WANNA HAVE TO TURN
A -- GUTS INTO SOUP BEANS ♪
WOAH, WOAH WOAH WOAH WOAH WOAH
OKAY DOECHII WE DON'T WANNA
REVERT BACK TO OUR OLD WAYS
SO WE'RE GONNA TRY
A BREATHING EXERCISE, OKAY?”
- ALRIGHT WORD
WHEN I BREATHE, YOU BREATHE,
ALRIGHT? LET'S GO
♪ [INHALING AND EXHALING] ♪
WOOSAH
[Spray]
[Sip]
That's the fingerbowl.
Dove Men helps neutralize
odor causing bacteria that
thrive on stress sweat.
Really needs more salt.
Get comfortable
when uncomfortable.
Care changes everything.
♪ LA,♪
♪ LA, LA LA, LA LA LA LA LA ♪
♪ I DON'T NEED NO ONE, TWO,
THREE NOT BOURGEOISIE,
I'LL STEP IN ♪
♪ KNOW JUST HOW TO MAKE A SCENE,
JUST ME MYSELF MY BEST FRIENDS ♪
♪ UH HUH I LIKE IT, IT'S
SIMPLE AS THAT ♪
♪ THAT'S RIGHT, UH HUH ♪
♪ I LIKE IT I KEEP COMING BACK ♪
♪ I DON'T NEED NOBODY TRYNA
TELL ME HOW TO RUN IT ♪
♪ FOUND MYSELF SOME BADDIES
BOUT TO TURN IT TO A HUNDRED ♪
♪ UH HUH, THEY LIKE IT,
IT'S SIMPLE AS THAT ♪
♪ THAT'S RIGHT UH HUH, THEY
LIKE IT, THEY KEEP COMING BACK ♪
♪ OHH WE-EE-EE AIN'T FLEXIN'
BABE WE DO WHAT WE DO ♪
♪ WANNA PULL UP ON US? CHECK
IN AT THE GATE AND COME THRU ♪
♪ WE CAN RUN IT RUN IT RUN IT
NO THIS AIN'T A DEBUT ♪
♪ LOVE ME ONCE I KNOW YOU'LL
LOVE ME TWICE ♪
♪ LOVE ME ONCE THE NAUGHTY
TURNS TO NICE ♪
♪ LA, LA LA, LA LA LA LA LA ♪
♪ I DON'T NEED NO COOKIE
CUTTER PERFECT ORDINARY ♪
♪ CAN FIND ME UNDER RIDE OR
DIE INSIDE THAT DICTIONARY ♪
♪ BABE UH HUH, THEY LIKE IT,
IT'S SIMPLE AS THAT ♪
♪ THAT'S RIGHT UH HUH, THEY
LIKE IT, THEY KEEP COMING BACK ♪
♪ OHH WE-EE-EE AIN'T FLEXIN'
BABE WE DO WHAT WE DO ♪
♪ WANNA PULL UP ON US? CHECK
IN AT THE GATE AND COME THRU ♪
♪ WE CAN RUN IT RUN IT RUN IT
NO THIS AIN'T A DEBUT ♪
♪ LOVE ME ONCE I KNOW
YOU'LL LOVE ME TWICE ♪
♪ LOVE ME ONCE THE NAUGHTY
TURNS TO NICE ♪
♪ OHH WE-EE-EE AIN'T FLEXIN'
BABE WE DO WHAT WE DO ♪
♪ WANNA PULL UP ON US? CHECK
IN AT THE GATE AND COME THRU ♪
♪ WE CAN RUN IT RUN IT RUN IT
NO THIS AIN'T A DEBUT ♪
♪ LOVE ME ONCE I KNOW
YOU'LL LOVE ME TWICE ♪
♪ LOVE ME ONCE THE NAUGHTY
TURNS TO NICE ♪
♪ LA, LA LA, LA LA LA LA LA ♪
♪ LA, LA LA, LA ♪
♪ LOVE ME ONCE I KNOW
YOU'LL LOVE ME TWICE ♪
♪ LA, LA LA, LA LA LA LA LA ♪
♪ LOVE ME ONCE I KNOW
YOU'LL LOVE ME TWICE ♪
♪ LOVE ME ONCE IT'S TIME
TO ROLL THE DICE ♪
[space shuttle taking off]
[take off countdown]
Flying forward
♪Astro, no
♪
♪What you know about rollin'
down in the deep?♪
♪When your brain goes numb, you
can call that mental freeze♪
♪When these people talk too
much, put that **** in slow
motion, yeah♪
♪I feel like an astronaut in
the ocean, ayy♪
♪What you know about rollin'
down in the deep?♪
♪When your brain goes numb, you
can call that mental freeze♪
♪When these people talk too
much, put that **** in slow
motion, yeah♪
♪I feel like an astronaut
in the ocean♪
♪She say that I'm cool
(damn straight)♪
♪I'm like "yeah, that's true"
(that's true)♪
♪I believe in G-O-D (ayy)
♪Don't believe in ----
♪She keep playing me
dumb (play me)♪
♪I'ma play her
for fun (uh-huh)♪
♪Y'all don't really
know my mental♪
♪Lemme give you the
picture like stencil♪
♪Falling out, in a drought
♪No flow, rain wasn't pouring
down (pouring down)♪
♪See, that pain was all around
♪See, my mode
was kinda lounged♪
♪Didn't know which-which
way to turn♪
♪Flow was cool but
I still felt burnt♪
♪Energy up, you
can feel my surge♪
♪I'ma kill everything like this
purge (ayy)♪
♪Let's just get this straight
for a second, I'ma work♪
♪Even if I don't get paid for
progression, I'ma
get it (get it)♪
♪Everything that
I do is electric♪
♪I'ma keep it in a motion, keep
it moving like kinetic, ayy
(yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)♪
♪Put this **** in a frame,
better know I don't blame♪
♪Everything that I say, man I
seen you deflate♪
♪Let me elevate, this
ain't a prank♪
♪Have you walkin' on a plank,
la-la-la-la-la, like♪
♪Both hands together, God, let
me pray (now let me pray)♪
♪Uh, I've been going right,
right around, call that relay
(Masked Wolf)♪
♪Pass the baton,
back and I'm on♪
♪Swimming in the pool, Kendrick
Lamar, uh♪
♪Want a piece of this, a piece
of mine, my peace a sign♪
♪Can you please read
between the lines?♪
♪My rhyme's inclined to break
your spine♪
♪They say that I'm so fine
♪You could never
match my grind♪
♪Please do not,
not waste my time♪
♪What you know about rollin'
down in the deep?♪
♪When your brain goes numb, you
can call that mental freeze♪
♪When these people talk too
much, put that **** in slow
motion, yeah♪
♪I feel like an astronaut in
the ocean, ayy♪
♪What you know about rollin'
down in the deep?♪
♪When your brain goes numb, you
can call that mental freeze♪
♪When these people talk too
much, put that **** in slow
motion, yeah♪
♪I feel like an astronaut
in the ocean♪
That's one small step for man,
one giant leap for mankind.
- Oh, my God!
- [laughs]
[Devo's "Uncontrollable Urge"]
- [screams]
- [laughing]
[all screaming]
♪ ♪
- ♪ Yeah yeah yeah yeah ♪
♪ Yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah ♪
♪ ♪
- Ooh!
[cheers and applause]
- Welcome to "Ridiculousness."
I'm Rob Dyrdek.
With me as always, Steelo Brim
and Chanel West Coast.
- What up?
- Okay, as you guys know,
I have been in,
uh, a movie and been an actor
with the great
Robert De Niro and Al Pacino.
- Mm-hmm.
- I remember
I went to go see it.
- Okay.
- Great movie.
- You know, I'm not saying
I was the best
of the three of us...
[laughter]
- I hope not.
- But, I mean, I did my thing.
I mean, do you guys
remember my scene at all?
- I remember
you were the skateboard pimp.
- But what I did
is I played dead.
I played dead.
I closed my eyes
and acted dead,
and Robert De Niro
and Al Pacino would talk.
They would run their scenes,
and I was playing dead.
- Okay.
- So they would--
I would lay down.
They would read their lines,
'cause I was, you know,
a dead pimp.
Yo, look,
every step of the way,
all the way to the skate
scenes to where, like,
I'm, you know,
manhandling the prostitute...
You know, I'd do, like,
a trick, off of, like, a ledge,
and then I come in,
"You give me my money, bitch."
You know, whatever it was.
Like, it's [bleep]
so nuts, man.
Then I get shot, you know.
Anyway, anyway...
But, of course, I never
went on to do any other acting.
So I can hold my head high
that I'm one of the greatest
playing-dead actors
of all time.
Similar to the quality
of actors
in this next category--
Playing Dead.
Take a look.
[cheers and applause]
Oh, no.
Oh.
Oh!
all: Oh!
- He's really playing dead.
Hello?
- Yo.
- Oh, what's up?
Did I get into your fruit?
Oh, [bleep],
is this dragon fruit?
Like, what?
He's a really good actor.
- Did I get the part?
- Did I get it?
'Cause, like...
that's about as dead as I get.
- [shouts indistinctly]
- Okay, we lost one.
Yep.
- It's the girl
from "The Ring."
- Man, it is the girl
from "Ring"
having the time of her life.
Oh, man.
Okay, there's no acting here.
This thing's dead.
- Oh, my God.
- Okay, there's no way
you're not dead.
- Oh, my God.
- Okay, are you dead or not?
- Hello?
- Oh, you just got to--
Oh!
Hey, what are you up to?
What? I'm sleeping.
What are you doing?
♪ ♪
Oh, [bleep], I got caught.
- Oh, they play dead, yeah.
[audience groans]
- Um, uh, nothing to see here
but a dead possum.
- I ain't got time
for this, bro.
- This is not--
-I know you're not dead, boy,
'cause you're curling
your tail.
- Hey, hey.
Hey, big fella.
- What are y'all bothering
the possum for?
- Don't, don't, don't.
- Hey.
- Why are y'all
touchin' it, man?
- They're so scary.
- They look like the living
representation of rabies.
- Ugh, it's so ugly.
all: Oh!
- Oh, boy, here we go.
- Oh, no.
- All right.
Give me just a little bit--
Later!
What?
Yep, he got you.
There you have it
for Playing Dead.
[cheers and applause]
Okay, you know we live
in the Matrix,
and every now and again,
the Matrix produces
a wonky human.
- That is so...
- It's real.
- Yeah.
- You know what I'm mean?
But how else could we explain
certain humans
that are just awful?
- This old movie
kind of explained it.
You watched the movie, right?
- Yeah, yeah.
- There's some people up there
that just decide
what you're gonna be,
where they plop them up--
they're like,
"You're gonna be insecure."
And then they drop out, like,
three more-- "You're gonna be,
all with the best personality."
- Yeah.